docs(fundamentals): add mention on limitation of auto mocking & overrideProvider (#2484)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/fundamentals/unit-testing.md

You can also retrieve these mocks out of the testing container as you normally would custom providers, `moduleRef.get(CatsService)`.

> Do note that `REQUEST` and `INQUIRER` providers cannot be auto-mocked because they're already defined in the context, but they can be _overwritten_ with a custom provider or a `.overrideProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint**`REQUEST` and `INQUIRER` providers cannot be auto-mocked because they're already pre-defined in the context. However, they can be _overwritten_ using the custom provider syntax or by utilizing the `.overrideProvider` method.
```

> Do note that `REQUEST` and `TRANSIENT` providers cannot be auto-mocked because they're already defined in the context, but they can be _overwritten_ with a custom provider or a `.overrideProvider`.

Reviewer 2: These are specifically the `REQUEST` and `INQUIRER`providers, right? I may have misspoken with the use of `TRANSIENT` in the related issue. I believe that providers that are scoped to `REQUEST` and `TRANSIENT` are fine, but the `REQUEST` and `INQUIRER` providers specifically cannot be auto-mocked
